Improve section on .htaccess files (#3192)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/define-routes/_index.md

## `.htaccess` files

Platform.sh uses Nginx servers, not Apache ones.
Using `.htaccess` files with Nginx [is **not** recommended](https://www.nginx.com/resources/wiki/start/topics/examples/likeapache-htaccess/),
they are therefore ignored on Platform.sh.

> You can accomplish the same goals with [routes](../define-routes/_index.md),
> logic in your app, and [web server locations](../create-apps/web/_index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can accomplish the same redirect and rewrite goals with your [routes](../define-routes/_index.md),
and [web server locations](../create-apps/web/_index.md) configuration.
```
